Update Public Cloud storage requirements (bsc#1158691) (#184)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation/pages/pubcloud-requirements.adoc

== Separate Storage Volumes

We recommend that the repositories and the database for {productname} are stored on separate storage devices.

> This will help to avoid data loss in cases when the {productname} instance is terminated.

Reviewer: I think terminating the instance is not the issue according to the problem description of this issue.

Author: It could be an issue, as terminating an instance deletes the root volume. An external volume helps protecting the data against loss due to instance termination (intentionally or not). But I agree that it's not the only and most probably not the most important reason to use separate storage volumes for data. Do you think we need to expand on this?

You must set up the storage devices before you run the YaST {productname} setup procedure.

Provision two disk devices in the public cloud environment, according the cloud provider's documentation.
The size of the disk for repositories storage is dependent on the number of distributions and channels you intend to manage with {productname}.

> See xref:installation:hardware-requirements.adoc[] for recommended minimum sizes for the database
> volume ([path]``/var/lig/pgsql``) and channel volume ([path]``/var/lib/spacewalk``).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For recommended minimum sizes for the database volume ([path]``/var/lig/pgsql``) and channel volume ([path]``/var/lib/spacewalk``), see xref:installation:hardware-requirements.adoc[].
```

> If you are not sure which device to choose, use the [command]``lsblk`` command to see the name and size of each device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [command]``lsblk`` command to see the name and size of each device.
```

Choose the name that matches with the size of the virtual disk you are looking for.

Use the [command]``suma-storage`` command with the device names to set up the external disks as the locations for the database and repositories:

----

> /usr/bin/suma-storage <channel_devicename> [<database_devicename>]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
suma-storage <channel_devicename> [<database_devicename>]
```
if it's `/usr/bin` it's in your path...

----

> The external storage volumes will be set up as XFS partitions mounted at [path]``/manager_storage`` and [path]``/pgsql_storage``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The external storage volumes are set up as XFS partitions mounted at [path]``/manager_storage`` and [path]``/pgsql_storage``.
```

It is possible to use the same storage device for both channel data and database.
This is not recommended, as growing channel repositories might fill up the storage, which poses a risk to database integrity.
Using separate storage devices may also increase performance.

> If you want to use a single storage device, run [command]``/usr/bin/suma-storage`` with a single device name parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use a single storage device, run [command]``suma-storage`` with a single device name parameter.
```
